Add `instance` property to req/rep prototypes (#3102)
fastify/fastify: docs/Request.md

- `headers` - the headers
- `raw` - the incoming HTTP request from Node core
- `req` *(deprecated, use `.raw` instead)* - the incoming HTTP request from Node core

> - `server` - A reference to the fastify server object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `server` - The Fastify server instance, scoped to the current [encapsulation context](Encapsulation.md)
```
